Some Brazilian b loggers who lives in Australia drew this country as a true paradise.  They tried to compare both countries saying that Australia is Brazil that everything works, Melbourne is an organised São Paulo and Sydney is a clean Rio de Janeiro.  Arguably, Australia is a great place, but for many reason I believe that they are incomparable.

First of all, Australia was built based on an European and Anglican culture biased to work and thrive.  Differently Brazil is has been a catholic country that has given more value to obey and accept the fate.  Therefore, Australians are much more used to fight for their rights and better future.  Nowadays, Brazilian protests has change a bit this scenario, but it is too early to say.

I don't understand totally yet the connections with Australia and the British Queen, in reality, I don't see this country as a true independent country, but they don't care.  Everything works perfectly and they have much more to worry about than having to change names of streets and the QVB.  On the other hand, Brazilian had a long period of domination leaded by emperors worried only to exploit Brazilian resources and who used to send all the money abroad.  In addition, he independence was bought from Portugal by a big fortune.   Also, our modern democracy has only 28 years and in hour entire history, we had only three national leaders who finished their period of duties.

Australia is basically an European country while Brazil is the most mixed country in the world.  Of course what they did with the Aborigines and half-cast was horrible and I don't see them fully integrated to the society.  But it is nothing compared to 300 years of slavery of black people brought from Africa and the killing of the indigenous people, a phenomenon that still happens in present days.  Australia has received many immigrants in last years, but the races and cultures are still very segregated.  In Brazil, despite the fact that racism still persists strongly, an average person has multiracial forefathers.

Sydney is a beach city, but there are thousand of beach cities in the would.  Also, Melbourne is more cultural as São Paulo, but I cannot believe that Melbourne is more rush than Sydney(is Sydney rush for a Brazilian?).

To sum up, of course, everything can be compared, but I cannot accept a linear comparison because both countries have such a different history and backgrounds that it is almost impossible to make a fair comparison.