NoSql
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
 ->less funcionality more performance
	Good video by Matin Fowler
		http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qI_g07C_Q5I
	Principles
		Scalability
		Performance
		High Availability
	Colections
		Data structured and not.
	Types of NoSql DataBases - Different Data Models
		Key Value Store (Redis, riak)	
			- Most simple - Simple hashmap persisted in a disk
			- Has a metadata
		Document Oriented (MongoDB, Couch DB, ravenDB )
			- Hole mass of document structure. 
			- Represented in form of json(can be in xml)
			- No schema, different from Relational
				There is an implicity schema that client should know.
			- Always have a ID that is equivalent to a Key in the "Key value store"
		Tabular- Column-family (BigTable(google), HBase)
			- combination between a row key multi-colum family for each row.
		Graph -
			Basecaly a graph chart database.  Easy to move between nodes.  
			No actualy relationship, but structure.
			Arrow can be named.
			
		Graph (Neo4j)
	Missing
		No Join(to enrance scalability)
		No Complex Transactions(change many records and commit)
		No Constaints (implemented in app level)
	What is in
		Query Languare(not SQL)
		Fast Performance
		Horizonal Scalability
	When to User
		Store and retrieve great quantity of data
		Storing relationships between the elements is not important
		Dealing with growing list of elements(twitter post, blogs)
		The data is not structured or the  structure is changing with time
		Prototypes or fast applications need to be developed
		Constraints and validations logic is not required in database
	Questions:
		- Why is MySql faster than MongoDB at join operations
			Because mongoDB does not have any SIDE JOIN. Any join is done but client. Then it is slower than any SQL DB.
		- Why MongoDB scales better in distributed systems
			Has better repplication and share better cluster
		- 
	
- Software as a Service Course
		https://courses.edx.org/dashboard
- BigData Course
		https://learn.open2study.com/mod/page/view.php?id=11518
- Web Development Course
	https://www.udacity.com/
	
	
